you seem to be isolated, not many interactions the last weeks on your facebook profile, yet you post things that burdens you. The way your post's are written they might accuse non-vegetarian people. i'm vegetarian too but 9o% of the people like their BBQ with a big BEER. That's somehow how our western society risen up, being different is often not tolerated.

I'm not only different in what i eat, i'm also diagnosed with schizophrenia. People thend to think schizophrenic people are violent because the blindly trust television. Noticed that eg. in "Criminal Minds" about in every third episode the schizophrenic is the mass murderer. And people trust the television. And people trust normally their parents that thought them to eat dead animals. I found out, that non-vegetarian people feel bad if i talk to loud about being a vegetarian. their subconsciousness would know that eating animals is bad for the animals, is bad for your helath, is bad for the carbon dioxide, is bad in so many ways but since the have been risen with the ritual of eating dead animals it is normal behavor for them. though they subconsciously realise eating dead animals is bad when the look at their sould in a mirror. so they develop avoidance behavior looking at your content.

people don't like such post, people like posts of funny cats, people like post of interesting science articles, people like posts about nice games, people like posts about hope and good news, but people don't like posts of what the should become better at.

if i'm isolated a long period of time my voices become louder, my voices become more offensive to me because my subconsciousness does not like to be alone. i'm complicated because of my schizophrenia and autism, many thing's should be changed in the world but i don't have influence on this things, the more i accuse the things we should change the more i get isolated. if someone like julian assange deserved accuse things in a media-effective manner he ends up in prison, a world i really would like to change but also failed so far.